add quick-start guide (#38)
purenix-org/purenix: docs/quick-start.md

# Quick Start

> Here's a quick-start guide for playing around with PureNix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a quick-start guide for seting up a PureNix project.
```

In general, I recommend you take a look at some of our libraries to see exactly
how they are packaged, and copy what they do.  For instance,
[`purescript-foldable-traversable`](https://github.com/purenix-org/purescript-foldable-traversable)
or [`purescript-maybe`](https://github.com/purenix-org/purescript-maybe).

Currently, we only have a
[temporary package set](https://github.com/purenix-org/temp-package-set).  This
post will explain how to get started with using it.  There is an
[open issue](https://github.com/purenix-org/purenix/issues/36) about creating an

> actual package set.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out.

I added another section that tries to clarify how package sets work, and what an end-user needs to be aware of with the PureNix package set: 2e952c3

## Creating a development shell

The PureNix flake exposes a development shell with tools like
[PureScript](https://github.com/purescript/purescript),
[Spago](https://github.com/purescript/spago), and PureNix.

If you have flakes enabled, you can drop into the PureNix development shell
with a command like this:

```console
$ nix develop github:purenix-org/purenix#use-purenix
```

From here, use `spago` to create your PureNix project:

```console
$ mkdir my-cool-project
$ cd my-cool-project/
$ spago init
```

> This creates a few files.  You'll need to edit some of these files in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a template project.  You'll need to edit some of these files in order to
```
